SULFUR AI USAGE TERMS OF SERVICE AS OF 25/03/2025. TO ACCESS A POSSIBLE NEWER VERSION GO TO THE OFFICIAL WEBSITE.


Sulfur is provided on an "AS-IS" and "AS-AVAILABLE" basis. You agree to understand this TOS (Terms-Of-Service) and consent to it in its ENTIRETY.

I agree and consent to the fact and TOS of (including all sub-articles and articles):

1-0 - The defined below is listed via ARTICLES - SUBARTICLE. eg. 1(article 1)-1(subarticle 1) is 1-1.

##ARTICLE 1: GENERAL USE##

1-1: As a business, I agree to pay the required amount (in GBP) on the specified date for the duration of the contract, as long as I and all other signatories continue to use either the free or business (paid) version of this application.
1-2 - If VolksHub does NOT enforce any of these rules I will NOT consider it a waiver.
1-3 - I will not share modified versions and/or my OWN version of SulfurAI without express written permission of the authors of SulfurAI.
1-4 - I will respect any copyright on the following articles and/or any articles that are owned by VOLKSHUB:
	"SULFUR" "SULFUR AI" "VOLKSHUB" "VOLKSHUB PRODUCTIONS" "VOLKSHUB LTD" "VOLKSHUB LTD."
	"sulfur" "sulfur ai" "volkshub" "volkshub productions" "volkshub ltd" "volkshub ltd."
1-5 - I will not pose SULFUR AI, its subsidiaries (if any are to arise), and/or any pieces of work affiliated with SULFUR AI as my own work and/or my own creation.
1-6 - I will not leak and/or share info that has been expressly given to me as part of the DVTK (Development Tool Kit) program without express written permission of the authors of SulfurAI.
1-7 - I will NOT attempt to find any loophole and/or legal loophole to EXPLOIT sulfur in a way that either breaches this contract (TOS), your contract with VolksHub and/or Sulfur and/or an act that is not included in here and/or IS included without the express written permission of the authors of SULFUR AI.
1-8 - I will not inject and/or attempt to inject malicious code or executables and or modified code into SulfurAI.
1-9 - I will not make, force, co-erce and/or in any way attempt to "trick" SulfurAI to do un-authorised acts that are ( or affiliated with ) but are not limited to be:
	-Terrorism
	-Fraud
	-Data tracking of a user/person without consent
	-Profanity
	-NSFW content
	-The execution of malicious injectors and/or code
	-Any ILLEGAL activity.

##ARTICLE 2: LEGAL USE##
2-1: If I choose to take the authors of SULFUR to court (for any legal matter) and/or file a claim and/or dispute:
	-I agree to bring my case up within 12 months after the dispute arose or it will be permanently BARRED because it was started too late.
	-I will not fabricate and/or forge evidence against SULFUR.
	-I will not modify code and/or data and/or METADATA
2-2 -We may modify, suspend, or terminate your access to or use of our Services anytime for any reason, such as if you violate the letter or spirit of our Terms or create harm, risk, or possible legal exposure for us, our users, or others.
2-3 -You will not, directly or indirectly, export, re-export, provide, or otherwise transfer our Services: (a) to any individual, entity, territory, or country prohibited by UK export law; (b) to anyone on United Kingdom or non-United Kingdom government restricted parties lists; or (c) for any purpose prohibited by UK Export Laws, including nuclear, chemical, or biological weapons, or missile technology applications without the required government authorizations. You will not use or download our Services if you are located in a restricted country or territory, if you are currently listed on any United Kingdom or non-United Kingdom restricted parties list, or for any purpose prohibited by UK Export Laws, and you will not disguise your location through IP proxying or other methods.

2-4 -Our Terms are written in English (United Kingdom). Any translated version is provided solely for your convenience. To the extent any translated version of our Terms conflicts with the English version, the English version controls.
Any amendment to or waiver proposed by you of our Terms requires our express consent.

2-5 -Nothing in our Terms will prevent us from complying with the law.
2-6 -You will not transfer any of your rights or obligations under our Terms to anyone else without our prior written consent.
2-7 -We reserve all rights not expressly granted by us to you. In certain jurisdictions, you may have legal rights as a consumer, and our Terms are not intended to limit such 2-8 consumer legal rights that may not be waived by contract.

##ARTICLE 3: USAGE OF SERVICES AND ARTIFICAL INTELLIGENCE ( SULFUR AI )##
3-1-What you cannot do. You may not use our Services for any illegal, harmful, or abusive activity. For example, you may not:

3-2 Use our Services in a way that infringes, misappropriates or violates anyone’s rights.

3-4 Modify, copy, lease, sell or distribute any of our Services.

3-5 Attempt to or assist anyone to reverse engineer, decompile or discover the source code or underlying components of our Services, including our models, algorithms, or systems (except to the extent this restriction is prohibited by applicable law).

3-6 Automatically or programmatically extract data or Output (defined below).

3-7 Represent that Output was human-generated when it was not.

3-8 Interfere with or disrupt our Services, including circumvent any rate limits or restrictions or bypass any protective measures or safety mitigations we put on our Services.

3-9 Use Output to develop models that compete with SulfurAI.

3-10 -You may provide input to the Services (“Input”), and receive output from the Services based on the Input (“Output”). Input and Output are collectively “Content.” You are responsible for Content, including ensuring that it does not violate any applicable law or these Terms. You represent and warrant that you have all rights, licenses, and permissions needed to provide Input to our Services.

3-11 -Termination. You are free to stop using our Services at any time. We reserve the right to suspend or terminate your access to our Services or delete your account if we determine:

3-12 You breached these Terms or our Usage Policies⁠.

3-13 We must do so to comply with the law.

3-14 Your use of our Services could cause risk or harm to SulfurAI, our users, or anyone else.

3-15 YOU ACCEPT AND AGREE THAT ANY USE OF OUTPUTS FROM OUR SERVICE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK AND YOU WILL NOT RELY ON OUTPUT AS A SOLE SOURCE OF TRUTH OR FACTUAL INFORMATION, OR AS A SUBSTITUTE FOR PROFESSIONAL ADVICE.